Explaining the caveats in writing to the same key with a workaround example (#3283)
redis/docs: content/integrate/redis-data-integration/data-pipelines/data-denormalization.md

You can also use custom keys for the parent entity, as long as you use the same key for all jobs that write to the same Redis key.

{{< note >}}

> In the case of using the same key for different jobs, deleting any of the entities will result in the key being remove from the target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the same key for different jobs, deleting any of the entities will result in the key being removed from the target.
```
